## VolunteerMatch GDS apps script connector for API getConnectionReport
This Google Apps Script project is created for the usage of Google Data Studio.  This project is designed to call VolunteerMatch's API getConnectionReport and connect this API's return data to Google Data Studio (GDS). 

### Getting Started
In order to use GDS, one must have a Google account.  Please create a Google account if you don't have one. https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/27441?hl=en

Please follow the following steps to run this proejct:
1. Create a new Google Apps Script project: go to: https://script.google.com/ to create a new Google apps script proejct.
   
2. Import the GetConnectionReport project: You can import this project using a git plugin: "Google Apps Script GitHub Assistant" https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-apps-script-github/lfjcgcmkmjjlieihflfhjopckgpelofo?hl=en. My own experience with the git plugin wasn't very smooth.  Or you can just clone this git repository and follow the following steps to run it with a new project:
    1. clone this repository
    2. create a new apps script project
    3. copy and paste Code.gs and Auth.gs in your new Apps Script project
    4. from your new apps script project, go to view/show manifest file in the old style editor or Project settings/Show "appsscript.json" manifest file in editor from the new version of editor. 
    4. copy and paste appsscript.json from this git project to your new project appsscript.json file. 

3. Deploying the project: If you are using the new editor (if this is your first project, you are using the new editor), click on the upper right hand button called, "Use the legacy editor".  And follow the steps:
    1. go to publish/deploy from manifest... 
    2. click on Latest verion and a link will show up.  Click on that link
    3. chrome will open a new tab with "One Call Connections" as the page title.  This is your dataset(column) edit page. It will ask you to allow some permissions, just click allow for all the permission popups
    4. A connect button will show up on the upper right hand corner.  Click on that
    5. A new tab will open with "One call connection Report" as the page title.  This is the report/charts generated by this project. 
    6. you can add/ modify/ delete charts on this page. 


### Helpful links:
https://developers.google.com/datastudio/connector/build
https://developers.google.com/apps-script/guides/cloud-platform-projects#switch_to_a_different_google_cloud_platform_project
https://developers.google.com/datastudio/connector/deploy
